README.md, before:

repackaging-order-estimate
==========================

Project estimate calculator for repackaging orders for NuPack
=============================================================

NuPack is responsible for taking existing products and repackaging them for sale at electronic stores like Future Shop and Best Buy. Companies will phone up NuPack, explain the process and NuPack needs to quickly give them an estimate of how much it will cost. Different markups to the job:

* Without exception, there is a flat markup on all jobs of 5%
* For each person that needs to work on the job, there is a markup of 1.2%

Markups are also added depending on the types of materials involved:

* If pharmaceuticals are involved, there is an immediate 7.5% markup
* For food, there is a 13% markup
* Electronics require a 2% markup
* Everything else, there is no markup

Another system calculates the base price depending on how many products need to be repackaged. As such, the markup calculator should accept the initial base price along with the different categories of markups and calculate a final cost for a project.

The flat markup is calculated first and then all other markups are calculated on top of the base price plus flat markup.

For example...

Input 1:
--------
$1299.99
3 people
food

Input 2:
--------
$5432.00
1 person
drugs

Input 3:
--------
$12456.95
4 people
books


Output 1: $1591.58
Output 2: $6199.81
Output 3: $13707.63

Commit message:

Modify init method to save repackaging order type in lowercase. Add instructions to README on how to run tests

README.md, after:

repackaging-order-estimate
==========================

Instructions to run tests:

1) In terminal, open the folder containing the project
1.1) Run the command 'bundle install' if 'rspec gem' is not installed
2) Run the command 'rspec spec'
3) See the tests pass and enjoy!



Project estimate calculator for repackaging orders for NuPack
=============================================================

NuPack is responsible for taking existing products and repackaging them for sale at electronic stores like Future Shop and Best Buy. Companies will phone up NuPack, explain the process and NuPack needs to quickly give them an estimate of how much it will cost. Different markups to the job:

* Without exception, there is a flat markup on all jobs of 5%
* For each person that needs to work on the job, there is a markup of 1.2%

Markups are also added depending on the types of materials involved:

* If pharmaceuticals are involved, there is an immediate 7.5% markup
* For food, there is a 13% markup
* Electronics require a 2% markup
* Everything else, there is no markup

Another system calculates the base price depending on how many products need to be repackaged. As such, the markup calculator should accept the initial base price along with the different categories of markups and calculate a final cost for a project.

The flat markup is calculated first and then all other markups are calculated on top of the base price plus flat markup.

For example...

Input 1:
--------
$1299.99
3 people
food

Input 2:
--------
$5432.00
1 person
drugs

Input 3:
--------
$12456.95
4 people
books


Output 1: $1591.58
Output 2: $6199.81
Output 3: $13707.63
